# Capstone Project - PW22_JR_06
## Project Title: Framework for Home Layout design by Semantic Parsing of Text

### Problem Statement: 
We provide a unique relational architecture-based framework for a generating a 3D Layout that is graph-constrained. The basic concept is to encode the constraint into its relational networks’ graph structure. This study looks at how well each technique performs in various situations and at different times, as well as how well potential explanations and their confirmation may be predicted generally. We have exhibited the suggested architecture for the issue of creating new house plans. We analyse the general performance, or the average rate of valid explanations, as well as how the validation rate changes over time utilising a number of time steps for this comparison in order to assess these difficulties.
We’ve tried to develop a way that enables anyone with a strong command of the English language to express their desires through text. Home design is a complex process that is often handled by Certified Architects who are knowledgeable in the field. The user can avoid spending time orally describing their needs to the qualified architect. Additionally, the outcome of this procedure might not be what the customer had in mind or might differ from that conclusion in some other way. By using concise, clear English, our approach will enable both the Average User and the Interior Designer to convey their imaginative ideas, and our project will be able to visualize the picture that they described. This approach can accurately construct a 3D Layout based on the text description while saving time and resources. This is mostly because software is objective, in contrast to humans.

### 
